so it's down to these two Nancy I know
you like this one and I think I agree
Rachel what do you think well um that
one is pretty but oh I just love this
fabric
sorry oh don't be sorry that's part of
your job here to give your opinions and
then I take credit for them I'm kidding
oh she is kidding but don't ever
disagree with her again
okay now I'm kidding oh what a fun
office I don't know which one but I do
know I need a cigarette so what do you
say we take a break we go outside and
we'll figure this thing out when we come
back Rachel yeah you smoke oh no my
dad's a doctor and he would always tell
me just horror stories about uh ghosts
and goblins who totally supported the
princess is right to smoke
hey Rachel what are you doing out here
well you know I've got kind of lonely up
there so I just thought I would come out
here and get some fresh air
Nancy and I were just talking about the
Fall collection oh great
so anyway we really honey I'm sorry
we're just smoking all over you re no no
we'll move you stay right
you know I separate designs I'm gonna
wrap them in a very excited oh that's
great you are the best oh I can have
care about one of those yeah you know
it's so funny over here I thought you
didn't know oh you know I thought you
guys met marijuana cigarettes you know
you know I mean like doobies and I
actually I thought to myself wow those
guys crazy but now I smoke the regular
ones all all the time we get high
I'm kidding Oh me too
so we're decided no one plaid
yes I'm pink absolutely I'm so on board
mm-hmm
Rachel didn't you just like them yeah
but you know what I'm just I'm really
really trying to cut back you know hey
good luck Rach I've actually been
thinking about quitting lately oh well
sure every Sunday night I tell myself
I'm quitting every Monday morning it's
like tell me about it well what does it
split well just quit that's all quit it
does sound appealing I never could do it
Oh for you could you can absolutely we
can help each other out you know he gets
one of those those patches we could be
like the patch sisters I know we really
should win okay let's quit yes great
give me those sinks come on get up give
it up done with you
my late husband gave me that lighter I'm
not kidding you okay then
hey hey Oh busted Oh guys what are you
doing I thought we were the patch
sisters yeah that didn't work out
shall we try to quit but it was too hard
well you know if you if you started
smoking again you could have at least
told me come on give me one of those
what we talked about no no you're doing
great don't you give up that's why we
didn't tell you and we are not gonna
drag you down with us oh wait no no no
drag it down Jeremy didn't forget it
Rachel we're both so proud of how well
you're doing I'm not gonna let you blow
it in fact if I catch you with a
cigarette
you're fired so go on get out of here go
on I don't want you breathing this stuff
hot so okay so you'll come with me on
the Paris trip oh oh hi excuse me is uh
Rachel green here I'm supposed to meet
her for lunch oh she doesn't come down
here anymore you couldn't find her up on
ten okay great so we talked about the
whole presentation yesterday at lunch
she wondered if one person would be
enough me to take off the trip and I
said yeah absolutely
I'll catch you guys win